## The beginning
There is but only a single certainty in our universe; one inescapable foe. Death. At least that is what an organic being would say, but what of the inorganic? What about an immortal being, impervious to ending, would they fear the reaper? Yes, though their reaper takes a very different form. Entropy. Entropy is the true incarnation of death, it destroys organics, metal and even the stars themselves. We find ourselves with two groups each dedicated to "defeating" entropy the only way they can fathom.

Armada, led by their high commander Avitus, seek to delay entropy. They theorise doing so will allow them to find a higher state of being, to ascend beyond physicality and enter an existence free from the ever encroaching doom. They look for strength in diversity, every entity capable of thought is a possible source for this escape. They are not some naive peacemakers though, they understand unity sometimes comes from the barrel of a plasma cannon.

The Cortex, led by the Emperor Catreus, see existence as the source of suffering and seek to bring an end to all existence. They reason bringing thought into existence is to allow it to feel pain. They seek to end all who would cultivate and foster life so that none will need to experience the death of existence. If there is nothing to experience it, does entropy truly win?

And thus the forces of Avitus and their Armada have fought against Catreus and the Cortex for longer than any entity can record. Both factions long ago took up metal form, placing their minds and thoughts in computers and machines that they might live eternal to follow their plans. Entire galaxies have been made desolate with their wanton destruction and with no end in sight many more will likely be eradicated too.

## The now
Since the opening of hostilities between the two great factions new life has been found. Almost all of it has been destroyed by the two giants, sometimes without even realising there was life present. Two races have managed to survive; the so called "Raptors" and the "Scavengers". While not as powerful as either the Armada or Cortex, they may be harder than either to obliterate.

Raptors are an organic and invasive species. They are infinitely adaptive and unrelentingly persistent is their attempts to survive. Originally discovered by an Armada fleet under the command of the now-dead Salvator; the Raptors were rescued and spread to a number of different worlds. Salvator was unaware of how fast they would adapt to these new worlds and, before he was destroyed by Cortex forces in the area, the Raptors were already multiplying across entire sectors of the galaxy. Now they are so numerous and spread so fast they are a threat to the ones who rescued them.

While the Armada could be said to be responsible for the Raptors the blame for the Scavengers falls equally to both sides. During a massive and prolonged campaign through the Sardoth system, a peculiarity befell the forces on the 11th planet. Some unknown event caused a corruption in the minds of all commanders both Cortex and Armada present there. Both factions lost contact with their forces and when scouts were sent to ascertain the cause they were lost too. Out of the planet came the Scavengers, a fused conglomeration of both the Armada and the Cortex commanders.

Scavengers seem to have a single directive: absorb. Much like the Raptors they cannot be communicated with, they exist solely to consume and use anything they can find. Many a commander has been lost to the Scavengers only to be seen years later fighting as one of them, commanding and directing their forces to grow their own ranks. Even the Raptors are not immune to this as while the Scavengers can only absorb machine intelligences into their ranks the biomass and physical makeup of a Raptor can be used to construct more machines.
